Things That Always Need Work
----------------------------
Tweaking UI to fit the GNOME HIG and common sense.
Add and improve unit tests.
Translations, more string reuse, and comments for translators.

'Quick' Features
---------------
Interface for the ~#rating key.
Remember song list sort order.
http://eyed3.nicfit.net/ is a possible replacement for pyid3lib.
A real manual, not just a man page.
(Python-based) plugin system for the song list context menu.
~#bitrate AudioFile key.
RPM spec/package.

Browser modes
-------------
A Muine-style album browser.
A Jukebox mode (requires 'just browser, no player' windows).

Album cover download
--------------------
Amazon has a ToS I can't agree to, but a Google image search for the
album name (or especially label ID) seems to be effective.

GStreamer backend
-----------------
Experiment with a GStreamer backend. This is not very interesting from
a format perspective (yet), but it might let us avoid threading problems.
http://primates.ximian.com/~sandino/python-glade/Examples/GstPlayerGladeApp/

Support for more audio formats
------------------------------
Monkey's Audio is the most requested (i.e., everything else requested
has been implemented), but MA is not a freely licensed codec. Maybe
we should support WAV? Other possibilities are forms of M4A/AAC,
RM, WMA, if free libraries exist to read from them.

Covers from Muine, RB
---------------------
Muine uses a pixmap serialization function to save to a BDB database.
This function is not available directly from PyGTK. If it was, this
would be easy.

RB's album cover patch is immature, but so far just stores JPGs
in ~/.gnome2/rhythmbox.

PMP Interfacing
---------------
The current PMP system is designed for small devices that manage playlists.
Large (multi-GB) ones have different needs, and instead should use (partial)
mirror of the library.

Iñigo suggested using a "shared" flagin the song metadata, which would
(on the user's request) copy the filesystem structure to the device;
the device would be tracked with HAL/DBUS.

Another way would be to store an "alternate filenames" list with each
song. This would let you use multiple devices/filesystems at once, but
I don't think that's a common enough use case to justify the complexity.

HAL/DBUS
--------
We could use the above HAL/DBUS part to know when a device is
plugged in, and trigger a library refresh if it's in our scan directories
or masked list. This is a good idea even without the above stuff.

Related we should whip our song-update callbacks into shape. The less
entry points the better.

IRC Dumps
---------
(mu) hmm. is it a bug that if you, vorbisgain, don't refresh, edit your tags
+and save the gained files, you lose the vorbisgain?
(piman) good question.
(piman) do we need a warning dialog if the mtime is wrong?

(16:16:56) Karl: Firstly: it definitely does not save list position or
anything like that if I log out while it's still running.
(16:18:43) Karl: Secondly: when editing the tags of multiple files, if
you expand the "apply to these files" widget and proceed to make
modifications to the files one at a time (say, to tweak a few names)
you have to save before selecting the next file, or your changes will
be lost.  It would make more sense to me if the changes were kept in
memory and a save at the end would perform all of them.
(16:20:48) Karl: Thirdly: I have it filtered by "not played this
month" right now.  When I get done playing a song, I've obviously
played that song this month, but the song stays on the list.  Are
there dynamic checks to make sure it isn't played again?  I could test
this myself with a short list, but I'm very lazy.  And as an aside, I
know from others that iTunes does remove tracks from the current list
when they're done being played if it's a "not played recently" style
list.
(16:22:55) Karl: And fourthly: it would be pretty useful to have a
"stop after this song" ("stop soon"? "end here"? I'm not sure of the
best name for it.) button in the tray menu.  Because that's usually
what I want to do if I get up to make dinner or something, since I
don't want to resume in the middle of a song and I want to hear the
end of the current one.  Right now my solution is to wait and quickly
pause as the next one is starting, but that seems like it shouldn't be
necessary.
